how many of you voted today like for
real voter figure it's about half of the
people who claim they did but here in
California and thirteen other states we
voted to figure out who will take on
Donald Jennifer Trump and it's common
you know for me the biggest takeaway on
election day is how can anyone possibly
have such a clean garage I don't
understand it I go into these old
people's homes and I think where's your
stuff California has more delegates than
any state and I don't know it was like
this where you live but we have been
overwhelmed by advertising mostly from
Mike Bloomberg the amount of mail we be
getting for Mike Bloomberg it's
unbelievable beyond of candidates one of
our writers came home from work last
night to find this hanging on his door
this is another ad for my blueberry even
his ads are too short to reach above the
door novels Mike Bloomberg has poured
more than 500 million dollars of his own
money into this campaign if he didn't
have a good night tonight he basically
spent the cost of an avatar movie to
find out nobody likes him he did win he
won an American Samoa today if the
election their Biden won Alabama North
Carolina and Virginia
Bernie took Vermont is expected to win
California but you know around 2/3 of
Californians vote by mail and the other
third now have coronavirus so I voted by
mail I have to say the ballot they sent
it's so good it's such a mess look there
are 20 Democrats on the ballot
Tom Steyer at the top even though he
dropped out over the weekend Duval
Patrick also out Michael Bennett out
Michael Bloomberg we he'll be out soon
mozi Boyd I don't know who that is but
might not even be a real person then
Cory Booker who dropped out it like
Christmas or something mayor Pete
dropped out not in the race Joseph I
like seeing their middle initials right
there are stands I know if you notice
the R stands for ray gun like the
yeah he loves Star Trek or something
tulsi gabbard not even tulsi gabbard
vote of her tell Sierra I don't even
know if she's still running Julian
Castro he dropped out in like 2018
someone down here named rocky de la
Fuente the third was this is like the
menu for a restaurant that's out of
almost everything but still it was tough
to decide but I thought I thought long
and hard about in the end I decided to
vote for a write-in candidate mr. TIA
president mr. t is who I voted for
because I think he would be the best
president really he's the guy we need to
bring these fools together and I will
say this if these elections have taught
us anything it is that adults love
stickers too I feel like some people are
only voting so they can post a selfie
with an I voted sticker on Instagram
there's a lot of sticker mocking going
on in our office today because if you
wear one people make fun of you if you
don't people wonder if you voted so I
came up with a good idea I split the
difference and I put it on the back of
my tie so if I need it iced up like an
undercover
I think we should start giving ourselves
stickers to congratulate ourselves for
all the other good things we do like
and I workout sticker for the day i
flossed you know anyway I'm not sure why
we even need a new president when the
one we have is doing a pretty darn great
job for whatever reason Trump had a
televised roundtable at the White House
with a group of pharmaceutical
executives about the corona virus and
this might be of all the clips we've
seen of our president at work this one
might be the scariest of all but the
same vaccine could not work you take a
solid flu vaccine you don't think that
would have an impact or much of an
impact on corona they wouldn't have
thought of that oh well that's a great
idea
[Applause]
I have another idea next time is a
hurricane we'll just open all the toilet
lids and flush it Trump is very upbeat
about this coronavirus and really seems
to be getting a handle on the science
behind it we're moving at a maximum
speed to develop the therapies not only
the vaccines but the therapies therapies
is sort of another word for cure helps
get the people better faster you know
just because you learned a new word
today doesn't mean the rest of us did to
stop being in charge of the coronavirus
is like if we put chuck-e-cheese in
charge of the hantavirus but he's in top
form not only did he learn a new word
today he made one up too we launched the
great American comeback and we really
did we launched it with a vivir and with
a with a certain splash River as in we
are up the river without a paddle
I was like so last night the president
held a rally in Charlotte North Carolina
where he he did this where do you live
like this guy he's a Mexican you're
about as Mexican as I am look at this
guy he's as Mexican as I am look at that
hat are you Mexican are you Mexican no
you're not are you
he is
[Applause]
[Laughter]
there's a rumor this is some rumor that
Trump is looking to replace Mike Pence
on the ticket with nikki Haley who's his
former ambassador to the UN CNN analyst
Paul Begala said he guarantees that on
July 16th the day the Democratic nominee
is scheduled to give a speech Trump will
dump Mike Pence and replace him with
nikki Haley the theory being that Trump
put pence in charge of the coronavirus
in order to throw him under the bus and
the other rumor involving pence is that
a few days ago pence shook hands with a
student in Florida who has since been
quarantined for potentially having the
corona virus and a team pence denies
this well of course they denied if Trump
thought Mike Pence was anywhere near the
corona virus he'd never let him in the
White House again he'd keep him out in
the yard on a leash or something but the
idea that the vice president United
States could have been exposed to this
virus is alarming because well let's
just imagine this chain of events so
this student in Florida is exposed to
the virus by an unknown source the
student then shakes hands with Mike
Pence unwittingly infecting him with the
virus not knowing he's a carrier now
Mike Pence goes into the Oval Office for
his morning kiss of the president as his
lips are then followed by Jim Jordans
lips Devin Nunez his lips lindsey
graham's
and all the other daily pass districts
we then carry the virus back to the
Capitol building and before you know it
everyone in Washington has it except
Melania who's been self-quarantine iing
for about things that have gone viral
did you see the story about Britt knew
so Britt Hume if you don't know is a
former newsman who now works for Fox
News he clicked himself into quite a
mess today this morning he tweeted he's
tweeting about betting odds for the
primary and he tweeted Biden now clear
favorite betting odds as of 5:30 a.m.
Tuesday which seems innocent but if you
zoom in and many people did he left a
tab open that's it's sexy vixen vinyl on
which is a leather lingerie store and
maybe the best part is that Brit Humes
avatar photo already look like he'd
accidentally tweeted a screenshot of a
fetish website that that is the face of
a man in vinyl undergarments the sexy
version vinyl is that sounds like
something
Borat would say so Brit Hume didn't
comment on this but now when you google
the word sexy vixen vinyl and you can
try this at home the first thing that
comes up its Britt what which while it
may be surprising was it should come as
no surprise to his faithful viewers on
Fox News so if he's not winning and he
doesn't even really want to be President
why is he doing this
but Hume is our senior political analyst
here at Fox News and he joins us to bet
I took her thanks brown yeah that is
some foxy news right there hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it don't